Welcome back to "war"
Today's game is a magician's game designer, or more accurately
It’s the magician’s last person who doesn’t like it very much.
I am Tom Scott.
I am David Bodycombe.
By Steven Bridges on Hannah Nicklin
What they are going to play today is the "weighted battle"
Both hands will have numbers 1 to 11 (red & blue)
There is also a set of 1 to 11 cards (yellow) on the table.
The cards on the counter are turned up one at a time.
The numbers on the board represent the scores.
And they want to bid with their hands as chips.
The player with the big card can get the score on the yellow card.
Chips are void
The key is to observe the opponent's reaction and hand management.
Yes, and you can't predict too much
Because we took out one of the yellow cards in advance.
So even if you can remember all the cards that have appeared, it will not help.
Because your information is not complete
Not exactly at all.
Ok, let's wait and see!
let us start
Ok, it is 9. A good 9 ah
In the opening, the score is full.
He wants to start with strong
As a magician and a psychologist, this is exactly what he is good at.
I'm ready. My number is still big.
Because it is 9
You really...you guys...
So if I were you, I would rather give up a 2 and also...
Do you think I might believe your ghost?
Ok, actually my number is quite small.
Someone has done mathematical analysis on this game.
They found that the best way to play is to use
The same number of chips to bid
But your opponent will definitely be after a few times
Take note of your behavior and use
Let’s bid for a card bigger than you.
Obviously this method is countermeasures, but
That's just the result of the analysis.
Steven: Are you satisfied? Hannah: That's right.
3, 2, 1...
Wow
What he just said is true.
Yes 3, can't miss it.
If you have a card, you have to find a way to do it.
The more you lose, the better.
Ok, I think I will make this out.
Because if you lose a big card result but lose, then
Your situation is dangerous.
Well, some people will come out from the small card at the beginning.
So they know what to do next.
That's right, this game Hannah is beautiful, that's right.
5! Is a good number
This is the second number he said is "good".
Hannah: Well, a 5 ah Steven: I am so entangled.
Steven: I decided Hannah: Ok.
Flop
six
He has always been one more than the number on the counter. It is not bad.
But then he will soon have no big names.
This is the second time you have played a card more than the number on the table.
That's right, this is called mode!
She noticed
Do you think he will be 7 this time?
3, 2, 1!
Tom: No Hannah: Interesting!
He didn't make 7 and she came out 8
She thought he would come out 7
She (Hannah) hooked up
He turned the crisis that the scheme was seen into a turning point!
He is very good at psychological control.
The smaller the card, the better, right?
Don't waste big cards on District 2
He said yes...
I really want to swear you a dirty now!
This is for you, please use it slowly.
Actually! Was put together
Although we gave two players 11 cards
But because there are only 10 yellow cards, so
There is a card that will not be used at all.
So there is actually no reason for 1
Absolutely not
There is now 11 on the table!
Oh! She will definitely get 11
What she has been waiting for is this time
I should try my best to win this.
If you have already knocked out a lot of big names then
If you feel that your success is weak, here you can
Smaller
If we both out 11
Will it become a situation where no one wins?
That's right, then we skip this game
But your 10 has been destroyed, I have not
So I will definitely win
Hey, then go back to 11
Don't tell your tactics!
So in this case, the scores of both groups belong to me.
do not talk!
Oh, really? Really?
Emma is right. She said too much!
Hannah is right. She will definitely win this game.
But her strategy has leaked, so
Yes, we are fine.
Ok, you better can only do this.
I didn’t tell you when I knew it.
I already knew it!
Who is going to lie, seeing that he just had a look of doubt, he knew that he didn’t notice
Steven: You won! Hannah: Yes, I know.
I think that something happened just now.
Hannah can win the previous game at a smaller price.
It’s now a flat hand.
Oh, so now it’s 20 to 20
This gap is small.
In theory, this game is likely to play to the tie,
But it depends on which number was removed.
Does he want to play with her?
He can not do this!
He knows exactly what he is doing.
To be honest, I am actually immune to magic.
Damn, my spell has failed!
Okay
Congratulations
This game is beautiful. Absolutely correct
Those big names are wasted, and the return on investment is infinitely close to zero.
But their 1 is destroyed, so say...
His big name was wasted in this game!
Steven: Is this the last one? Hannah: Uh huh
Ah, because we only have...
Damn, I didn't think about it at all, that?
After the result is a tie!
That's right, both are 28 points!
They are flat!
This is so interesting! What is your last card?
Hannah: 呃6 Steven: I am 9
I just had a place wrong because
I forgot that the yellow card is one less.
I want to say that this is going to be left to the end.
It seems that we have to enter the playoffs!
The version of this game with five cards
Random from 1 to 7
See who will win in the end
Uh, not bad.
He wasted a card, but the number is not big.
Ok
This game has a gameplay that should be full of fun.
I don't want to tell you how to play because you...
In case you learn from me again. Yes, I guess this will happen.
It seems that she learned this time!
Oh, flat, so we have to go straight over 5
In the next game, you can get 2 and 5 in the win.
This is also full of fun
I am now dominant.
Their 5 have been used up.
And their hands are only 1 to 5
Oh, ah.
Does he have an advantage? I can't see it.
He scored 7 points with 5 and 4
There may be 7 in the remaining yellow card, so...
That's right, but he has already knocked out the biggest two in his hand, isn't he?
Yes, I think that is not a smart move.
It’s useful if there are no 7 in the remaining yellow cards.
But this is very risky
Ah... good one 2
ended!
Do you have more than 3?
Ok, she won!
She only won two cards and won because there is a 7 in it.
Steven: Oh no! David: That's right, 11 to 10 she won!
Win me a point, do it well! Lost, defeated
I haven’t responded yet.
That's it, Hannah went straight to the finals.
But there is still a knockout before this.
Steven wants to play against Emma in the play-off
Winners participate in the finals. What are they going to play?
The game I invented, Quiz Buzz
So it is a test of basic common sense and...
Brain flexibility
I believe that Katie must be very annoyed that she can't play this game.
See you next time.
Translation: Andy Lin